Episode 30, Miki.
When they asked what I wanted in my prison cell, – which is actually one of the rooms in
the Presidential Palace – I asked for a wine cabinet stocked monthly with fine French wines,
books by my favourite philosophers and a computer with an uncensored Internet connection.
“Prison” is quite comfortable, and, in fact, it has been good for me.
I’ve had time to reflect on my time in power and think about the mistakes I made.
Yes, if I have another chance, I will do things differently.
After a month of imprisonment, my mind is now, in fact, very clear.
I asked the usurper President Topov to release my old
friends George and Elizabeth and to bring them to me.
They came to visit me in my cell and we drank some
Alsatian Riesling together and discussed Voltaire.
I told them that I hope they will one day forgive me and that
I should never have allowed them to be mixed up in all of this.
I also did something George had suggested many years ago – I
signed up for online degree courses in Economics, Law and Politics.
What I learn will certainly be useful when I get free.
Speaking of which, President Topov’s subservient court
sentenced me to life imprisonment under house arrest.
[laughs] They should have sentenced me to death… from their point of view, I mean.
Because I have an ace up my sleeve, and I don’t plan to be in this so-called prison for long.
When I married my five wives, many thought that it was because I needed a son to take over from me.
No, no, I did it because I COULD.
Most people can never understand absolute power.
The truth is, I already have a son.
Soon before leaving England, I got one of the Hemsworth
girls pregnant, and my father helped to hush it up.
My son grew up in London receiving monthly payments
from me and being looked after by a distant relative.
Not even the Ankhaz embassy knew about him.
The Western media has sometimes accused me of short-term thinking.
But for years now, my son and I have discussed “Plan B” – what to do if there’s a coup.
How to return to Ankhazastan, fund a populist political party and eventually
seize control… only revealing that he is my son when the time is right.
My son is a remarkably astute boy, and he knows many things that Topov
doesn’t know – hidden funds, sleeper agents, secret locations of heavy
weapons, contacts of people in Armagnia who are willing to help us and so on.
Mikitiv is now seventeen, but he’ll be eighteen next week and it’ll be time.
In fact, he’s just sent me a short email.
Dear Dad,
It’s me, Mikitiv.
Hold tight.
Plan B is underway….